[Music]
four riddles that will test your
intelligence if you answer just one
question do you go to the gym swim in
the pool play tennis you probably
worried about the condition your body is
in and exercise it regularly but how do
you exercise your brain don't worry you
don't necessarily have to multiply ten
digit numbers in your head sometimes all
it takes is one picture with a hit-and
explanation behind it we have a
challenge for you there are four riddles
in this video take your time don't hurry
think it over
so let's start on the river it was a hot
summer day but inspector Barney key was
on duty fortunately he wasn't sitting in
a stuffy office room the detective along
with his assistant was chasing a
dangerous criminal following in his
footsteps they found themselves on the
shore of a small but very deep and Rapid
River the inspector and his assistant
saw some swimmers approached them and
asked we are looking for a guy of
approximately your age he must be
somewhere nearby have you seen him
the reply came immediately he ran past
us just a few minutes ago he flowing
himself into the river right here you
can see him on the other side of the
river hurry if you want to catch him the
nice guy even offered to give Varna Key
his boat but the inspector refused let
them run away said the inspector now I
want to get acquainted with you why did
the inspector decide to pay attention to
the boys and not chase the fugitive on
the other side
don't hurry with the answer you have
some time to think if it's not enough
pause the video analyze look for any
details on the picture that can help you
out
[Music]
well what could raise the suspicion to
state the guys were in but it's typical
for the beach hot summer day attire
something about the bushes the sand the
river what is your idea or perhaps you
have already figured it out so who is
the criminal
[Music]
if you have been attentive you must
remember that the streamflow was very
fast and the river itself deep and rough
if someone had decided to cross it they
would have immediately drowned even if
the criminal had been a talented
sportsman and managed to cross the river
he would have been taken away from that
place by the current there's no way he
could end up on the other side so the
criminal is one of those who stood on
the shore in front of the inspector and
his assistant got it right very good
give us a thumbs up and let's move to
the next riddle Christmas mystery
inspector Varna kee who you already know
was on duty during the Christmas
holidays poor guy on the morning of
December 25th he went on a call he rang
the doorbell and a minute later a sleepy
apartment owner opened it
the inspector introduced himself and
said I have to inspect your apartment
carefully your neighbor says that
yesterday on Christmas Eve he came to
your place for a party and while he was
singing songs along with your family
next to your Christmas tree shining with
multicolored lights you broke into his
apartment and stole a number of valuable
items the surprised owner replied that's
not true our family celebrated Christmas
Eve at our friend's place we left our
apartment and went to them in the
afternoon I had barely time to decorate
the Christmas tree before we went away
we returned home way past midnight and
went to sleep right away if you want I
can wake my wife and son up and they'll
confirm all I've said there's no need
for that interrupted inspector Varna key
it's quite obvious to me that your
neighbour is a liar
how did inspector Varna kee managed to
catch the neighbour in a lie so quickly
[Music]
what do you think of this case let's
consider the situation together well
perhaps the man sounded very sincere but
was it enough for the inspector to
believe him
could he have the proof of the suspects
words maybe somebody saw the family
returning from visiting their friend
could the inspector noticed something
confirming the statement of the
apartment owner compare your ideas with
the answer right here why did the
detective call the neighbour a liar
again nothing too complicated or
mysterious just an exercise to check how
attentive you are if you take another
look at the Christmas tree you will
notice that the garland is missing one
bulb and you know that it wouldn't be
working without it the owner really did
decorate the Christmas tree in a hurry
and he didn't check whether the lights
were working or not the neighbor
couldn't have known this and he lied
about singing songs next to a shining
multicolored tree by the way a Garland's
frayed cord doesn't prevent it from
shining but can you imagine how
professional and attentive the inspector
is if you had the same qualities and
managed to find the answer
press alike and look at the next riddle
apartment complex in New York in an
apartment complex typical for New York
there are 100 married couples so no
wonder that when one of the husbands
cheats on his wife with one of the other
wives his wife has no idea if you know
the law of life the truth always gets
revealed and with a large amount of
gossip in the complex all of the other
wives know he is cheating but unlike any
other place the rules of punishment for
unfaithfulness in this complex are very
peculiar and even terrifying if a wife
finds out that her husband is cheating
on her she kills him the following
morning whoops and guess what happens
someone anonymously sends an email to
all of the wives in the building saying
that at least one man is cheating on his
wife in the building how many husbands
will be killed and how long will it take
well this riddle is a bit further up on
the cruelty scale but don't let it
bother and distract you this task seems
to challenge your logical thinking are
you ready to face it off don't hurry and
don't give up remember you can pause the
video take a piece of paper and a pen
and do whatever you need to solve this
riddle draw-game perhaps or a dead
husband so let's uncover the truth now
how many husbands and how much time
[Music]
all of the men let's say that their
quantity is n who are cheating will be
killed and it will take one less night
than the number of the cheating men n
minus one for their wives to discover
this if one man was cheating and his
wife hadn't heard of any other
infidelity she would know it was her
husband that was cheating if there were
two men cheating both of their wives
would think that since they have only
heard of one man cheating he should die
the next morning if he doesn't die they
decide that their husband must also be
cheating and that's why the other
husband didn't die following this logic
you know that all of the men will die
after one last night than the number of
the cheating men voila
how did this one seem to you mind
twisting or easy-peasy good for you if
you manage to solve it if not don't get
upset it indeed was confusing and anyway
there is one more riddle to come you can
still turn the tables hot summer day it
was a hot summer day and a police
detective decided to catch a little Sun
by the banks of a river suddenly he
heard a woman crying surely he couldn't
help but rush to help what's happened he
asked the sobbing girl please calm down
and tell me everything one step at a
time
that's easy for you to say said the girl
between sobs you can't even imagine how
dear that bracelet was to me I come here
every day today I took off my bracelet
while sunbathing placed it on top of my
book and accidentally fell asleep I woke
up and the bracelet wasn't there anymore
the inspector fell into deep thought
there were no footsteps left by other
people in the sand around where the girl
had been sitting apart from her own
there were no other people in the
vicinity it followed that only one of
the regular visitors to the beach could
have taken the bracelet these people had
now formed a thick wall all around the
inspector he looked at them and within a
moment understood who could have taken
it clever him what about you what's your
idea
hmm maybe the thief is the guy with the
tennis racket he seems to look too
innocent or the woman she is the only
one holding a bag perhaps she put the
bracelet inside
do you agree time is running out you
need to give the answer soon
[Music]
the main hint here was the phrase that
there were no footprints around the
place and the only person who could
reach the bracelet without leaving any
footsteps in the sand is the one with
the fishing rod he was the first person
to fall under suspicion how did you deal
with these brain teasers which one was
the most difficult share with us in the
comments and hit the like button if you
got at least one answer right and click
subscribe to join us on the bright side
[Music]